Security check line at the airport

Requirements: Visualize how the line evolves during time.

Approach: Assume you are at the airport, waiting for the security check. 
There is one line (which is a FIFO queue), and 5 security check gates. 
Each person reaching in front of the queue is checked by the first available security gate. 
Each security check gate has its pace of handling passengers, as follows: 
	gate #1, 1 person/minute 
	gates #2 and #3, 2 persons/minute
	gates #4 and #5, 3 persons/minute.
	 
Assume that initially there are 20 people in the line and each minute other 10 people are coming to the line. 
Show the evolution of the line in the first 10 minutes: 
	use a queue to model the line, 
	add the initial passengers (give them names Passenger1, Passenger2, …, Passenger20), 
	and start distributing them to security check gates every minute. 

In each minute (for 10 minutes), show the status as follows:

Content of the line (the queue) at the beginning, 
and at end of the given minute (remember that each minute other 10 passengers enter the line);
Content (that is people checked) of each of the 5 security check gates during the given minute.
 
The status should be displayed in the output window of the IDE, or in a GUI 
(however, designing a GUI is not mandatory, and your work is considered for full grade without a GUI).
 
Deliverables: You should submit 
	(1) all the source (.java) files, 
	(2) an output sample (screenshot showing program execution and the results of your testing) and 
	(3) a document file describing your solution. 
The solution description document should include the following elements: 
	a short problem analysis, 
	main design decisions, 
	assumptions, 
	description of classes, 
	user interface, 
	testing and test cases, 
	error handling and lessons learned. 

The size of the document should be of 3 pages, single spaced, font size 12. 
All solution description elements should be properly formatted using APA style.

Wrapp all the files in a single .zip archive and name it Project1_your_name.zip 
(if I were you, it would be Project1_Rodica_Potolea.zip).